  Throwing away my toothpick . 
 Hi there . Yo . 'Kay . Nice user interface .   I've uh made a presentation 'Kay .   uh but uh I'll open it on the Smartboard , so we can all see it . So it's in the project documents because that's what we can find here .     'Kay . 
 Oh sorry . And an uh a nice agenda .   I'll I'll show you the   Then uh we'll look at the project plan from uh Real Reaction .     We have to uh design a new television remote control .   Um we want it to be original , so a nice uh a nice new design . Uh trendy , it's also for young people , and we have to just uh make it uh modern . 
 Um so every time we we'll do some individual work , get meeting , talk about it , uh and then go into the next phase . Um We have uh these two Smartboards . So you can uh make uh Words Excel , everything . so uh when you open a notepad you uh you just get your uh things , you can uh draw . This is a uh well a drawing board . You can see them there . So you have a a nice pen , and it's works just like a bal ball pen . I want to uh     Maybe you should try to write on the on the big white uh Does it ?   Yes I will eraser so .   It's fantas fantastic . We can uh uh well you can save a file .   Don't throw anything away . Uh just we can start a new one ,     We can delete , but we don't do that . 
 It's a bit uh childish you have to write . Well it's just like a normal uh paint . So it's gone . Alright , Um well this uh speaks for itself . We going to try it . So um we all uh are going to uh draw a nice animal on this board , not my idea .     I'm just uh going to uh well draw a nice uh     beast     I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your uh I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your personal uh enjoyment . 
 but I am the Project Manager , and officially this is my idea . We're losing time , but Ah the first the first meeting is just a bit uh loose , loosen up , a bit uh meeting each other well uh uh nice Sh       I hope our Industrial Designer does this better because uh this is uh Don't uh count on it .                 Well what is it , huh ?       Yeah difficult English word .   Well I'm amazed uh about your uh drawing skills . 
 Our characteristics sum it up .     Huh .   Alright . Thank you . Oh uh but this uh marketing designer .  I think It's pr it resembles the animal drawn by . what kind of animal is that then ? 
 I think can I say it ?   
     Looks very nice , right ? It looks amazing .   We want to erase it . 
 No no save it and start a new uh save it     and start a new black uh doc a blank document .   Yeah well we have to save everything so now um the next one uh 
       There's also different colours and different uh well pen widths uh the line the the thickness thickness .     I should have made mine a white rabbit .   And he deliberately draws a animal we don't know the English word for .       It looks like that beast from Sesame Street . Nice .     
 You're standing in front of it , I can't see it . Alright , thank you . You have to push harder . Yeah just a bit a bit childish , a bit .   Release your anger .   Well uh save the document and then uh  And then a a new blank document for .   
 well first     Here you go .   Uh pen Uh current colour . I like uh oh they don't have pink .   It's not like in paint .   And you can choose a nice one .       Uh fifteen . And I can draw ? Just a wa that's the way we do   Oh Pussy . It's a cat . Oh the line width is too thick , but oh well . 
       It's a pig . It smiles nicely . Now I have to change the line width . Uh one . 
 These are whiskers , you know . we know . Right . Uh well I think it's obvious right now .   It's a cat . No it looks great . Miaow . Well if this isn't obvious   Just save it .         
 So that's uh what we're going to use when we uh need it .   Well I feel comfortable now .         We're one big happy family now .   It certainly is . Yeah something like that . We're we want to sell it at twenty five Euros internationally um so um but we dunno what exactly th 
 Our profit aim is , worldwide , fifty million Euros . So I didn't uh exactly uh calculate how much we have to sell . Right .   Now then we all uh we can uh sit down and discuss uh what do we think about our current remote controls , first about design uh about uh aim in the market   Well uh we c we can sit down uh because uh presentation can wait .       Well I I didn't have to prepare anything about   
   Well uh just w we're uh four uh if we if we would just have one then     Get the good points uh try to merge them into one universal remote control . On our corporate site I saw uh a new D_V_D_ player uh we're gonna produce . Maybe it's important to make it compatible with the D_V_D_ player     That would be a nice idea , yes . so you can uh use your television and your D_V_D_ player with the same uh remote control .       
 so a lot of people have to be able to use it .       and numbers and uh that every culture in uh , yeah , people in every country can recognise . I'll make uh notes and then uh maybe uh well I'll put it in the project uh folder when I'm done uh just now .         
       Maybe we could make one button to switch between D_V_D_ player and T_V_ and make the other buttons uh multi-functional or something .   Yeah so it doesn't uh become too complicated with too much buttons and   uh we even have uh more than just a D_V_D_ player . Don't we have uh other uh ou   
 And stereo uh s uh audio installations .   Yeah so but th that's kind kind of standard T_ television   
 And I think the people who who will buy our uh remote already have some experience with remotes .   Well yeah . It doesn't it doesn't have to be It doesn't have to be , but we can . 
       Well except if we deliver it together with our D_V_D_ .   We need to to keep it consistent with other d uh Yeah because we look at competitors and w if we pick up the good things about that and give it a nice design       
 yeah the shape will will have to be recognised . I thought about uh like most uh remote controls uh are uh a long box shaped thing you can make it uh triangle shaped , but that's not uh very recognisable .   So one hand has the beer , so the other hand uh   it's new . . 
 Not with two hands .   but young people want something different and it is Well i we already uh one of our aims is that it has to be original and trendy so Yeah but it's quite important that it fits .   But you still have to know it's a remote and not another     
   Yeah so the long box uh shaped thing must be uh , yeah , useful Yes . or else uh they would have been ano another shape . 
 Well for me personally I have a a lot of remotes uh at home but those ones that have a a round ending and It shouldn't be boxy .   You have to use one hand .       it has to be custom made for the hand .   Tho tho those new D_V_D_ players on the market do have those . But it does fit in the hand if you hold it like this , and you can make it another shape , but then you have No if y if you look at new Phillips uh D_V_D_ with their uh remotes pl players they they are the new remotes aren't box shaped . D_V_D_ players .       
 Well     I can imagine that us Yes uh Well most of of them are are somewhat thicker at the end , and get um yeah thinner towards the uh the other end . Well   Well but it's still then uh the the long box , uh but then with some uh round uh round forms in it to fit your hand , but it's it's still Mm .   
 alright it's still sort of box , it has round forms but Yeah yea   It shouldn't be too boxy , you know .   I don't mean an entire box like completely square but a also with round edges of course , but in in in at the end it's still this long   Right maybe something like this or and then a button here to switch between different systems like D_V_D_ player     A big recognisable button on top or something . 
         The buttons should uh also be not too small , not too big , of course , and uh n uh uh not too close uh together .     But it should be possible to to um make it ap apparent that there are two functions for every button . So there has to be some space between the buttons .     
 Yeah of course uh to uh to uh to have icons to explain the different functions .   Yeah maybe we can um just like on cell phones those um well you can you can put on on them , and so you can customise your uh your own remote with different colours or or special paint jobs I dunno Ha . That's kinda trendy . 
 Sound nice .       Well it's just uh about our first ideas now so I think individually we'll have to uh come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera .     I think it's uh it's important to uh notate all the the decisions that we make , so     
 This is about uh what we are going to uh do uh . so uh it's uh logical uh . I think . So we'll just get a notice that the the meeting is uh over . Yeah yes say .       Well I have had remotes that um they had uh the function of the buttons was about uh uh a layer over the buttons and when I've had use it much it was gone . So it has to be made in the buttons I think . It has to uh not be loose . 
 Alright . And of course there are several electrical cables in it to uh to connect things uh to each other .     It's a a common stan standard way infrared beams an infrared beam I think . It's not that in China it's different ?         But our T_V_s are mostly made in China and that sort of country , so 
 Probably yes . China rules .     The user presses a button and with an infrared beam it signals the television set accordingly , but that's pretty obvious , I think .       You can use it just plain               And we should uh dispatch those kind of fronts fronts a a around the world so uh   Well th those fifty million don't uh don't se sells itself so we have to uh make uh some extra effort like fronts uh . Well but th but the standard front will be uh just grey or something uh b a simple colour not not very flashy .       
 Yes . Yeah well it has to it h it has to fit the the te television and D_V_D Pink television sets pink remote , .           I must not forget my pen the next time . Well if if you yeah . If you have a a a television room for little children and you make a if if you buy a a pink front they'll they'll love it .   Yeah that's right . Yeah or a t Teletubby front . 
       Well our user interface you can uh maybe uh I don't know what your specific instructions will be , but uh probably about uh the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the   And you will look into the technical design and um form , I think .     What's the uh url or the website 'cause I didn't   Y you went to the company website . 
 Well it it   just if you start up your Internet Explorer It's the the the start uh starting page uh     Finish meeting now .         In thirty minutes , but uh I think it will be you will be warned uh through your laptop uh to get over here . I'll have to restore my uh my desktop uh it's the half of the normal size .   
     it's handy to know Very handy to know . It's totally broken .   Right see you in half an hour then .     
