Everybody ready ? I think so . Yeah , that's a good plan . Yeah , my name is Francina . And my role is to design uh a television remote control . I wanna figure out how to sell them . My name is Eileen . And as you already know I am Betty . I am the project manager for today . So why don't we look at the presentation to see what we really are supposed to do . and we'll take it from there . Project plan , that falls under the same heading pretty much . Um , I don't think we have any great discussion at this point . This thing we are gonna um uh design is a new remote control . So maybe you wanna make some notes of that . All right . Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve . That is it's gonna be individual work and   The same goes for the conceptual design , there will be individual work whic and then discussion afterwards .   Mm 'kay Three different types of design that we're gonna be concerned with okay . Functional , conception     Maybe we should redesign it .       Does anybody want to go and see how the white board works ?   You wanna go Eileen and 
 Okay , I'll see what I can do .     See if I remember how to draw a kitty cat or a rabbit or something .     Um uh um traditional kitty cat . Fat , a fat cat . 
 I've a very fat cat .       Yes , I'm Francina .       What should I draw ? Snake . I'm going to draw a snake . How does it look like ? I hope the kitty cat is hungry 'cause I don't like snakes .  Here's the project finance uh which , of course , we all have to think about when we design this thing . 
       Mm 'kay that should keep everybody on their toes and challenged .             Yes . now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you didn't like with it , things you would like to change , things you would like to improve with this thing ye any first ideas ? Would you like it to be smaller , bigger , have more have more buttons on it or maybe clearly better marked buttons , you know , things like that ?   Yeah , those which we get here nowadays     Like uh the remote control which we use for T_V_ , it shou uh it should be used f uh for some other purpose also , like controlling the uh temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners , or for heating system .       
 So it should be a multi-functional uh gadget that would um control all your household uh uh machines basically .           At um twelve fifty Euros per     We certainly can try to I agree with her that to market something successfully it should do some more things . It should be something new it should be s it it should do something different than than just what we have .           All the almost all the remotes 
 Like trendy     Maybe it should different colours or materials   Um so yeah shapes right , you know , like kidney shape feels better in your hand or something , you know . Yeah , maybe ten I do colours and al shapes also .       
 Yeah okay , friendly shape , that would help .   They can't find it . Yes . That is true , because they put a newspaper or they put it behind a plant or , we you know , whatever . 
     Well or yeah or if it's really , if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a a sound or a signal . So if lost   Uh so , so it's really the beep or , or a light should blink . If lost uh signal with b throw signal , you know . Should ha A fluorescent signal , yeah . 
 Mm 'kay .   Exactly , I mean just that's what I'm saying . I'm just saying throw signal meaning just whether it's a beep or whether a light or May not be beep .   And do you think a good c c um clue for that is that it would respond to a clap or it would respond to your voice or it would respond what what should you have to do to make it beep or blink ? 
 it's behind a plant , it's like In in that moment it has a sensor , i it it gets a certain darkness , it ge has a sensor and it gives out a signal whether that be a light signal or a beep , I mean , that we can discuss that later , you know . Yes . So the light sensor would activate the signal .     you have to have some kind of sensor   Uh I know there are the lamps and stuff , you know , you can clap on and off , but I think they only work to certain degree and But it could be someplace really obvious and you still wouldn't be able to find it .   
 Well , because you're s because you're silly .   Then , in that case I i we can't do it . Oh yeah 
 I mean it could be on well , i but I think we have some good good points to start with here . Okay , the next meeting will be in thirty minutes . I think you all did you get uh notices on your computer for this ? The industrial designer That's you . Yes . So you have a working design and then a functional design . And the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification , like friendliness , and what we just discussed in general . That would be your idea . And , of course , price . We have to justify that price by having sufficient features to make it sell at that price .      And , you know , specifi you you will get specific um instructions for that . I think that's the end of the show .   , we have a twen two two two three minutes .       
