Well hi everyone again .   
       Uh it was discussed in the last meeting uh which was opened by the presentation from the interface um     It should have nine channel buttons , a next button , volume buttons , subtitle buttons , switch to control features , colour contrast , sharpness etcetera .  It should have a memory switch , a mute button in case the telephone rings or something . 
 Uh speech recognition is one of her very f favourite personal uh features she would like see d d to be integrated in this um in this new remote . Should be child friendly design with few buttons , colourful maybe with s star shaped or other shaped buttons .       
 But uh her very f personal favourite really she , she would very much like to see a speech recogniser integrated in this remote . The industrial designer um presented her uh thoughts on the issue . She would like uh this whole thing should be push buttons with a simple chip uh scrolling method is more expensive and not that practical anymore . Should be battery operated and of course she would have the special cases . The marketing expert uh who has to finally come up with to to to market this product has been watching the competition , has done some research on the internet and also has used h her personal observations to come up with the fact that such a remote sh should be small , easy to use and it should be eye catching . To do that uh maybe one or two features should be developed on which we could dwell on or in other words on which our campaign could be built on . Um it should have a fruit and vegetable design and should have a soft feel . She feels that's really what people want today . And that concludes the presentation from the last minutes from the last meeting . Uh so this is our what uh we have made . This is a model of the remote control which we are going to build . Uh this is us in a snail shape so uh it it is attractive um and it's it's blue in colour uh bright looks-wise   You used to have all the buttons and um uh the material which we are going to use for the case is uh plastic and uh w which which is s strong um uh and also uh for the 
 Um the material is plastic and uh for the buttons it is uh s soft rubber um and als Oh that's good , no , that's nice and friendly . And then um uh for the for the led , for the light emitting diode it is a fluorescent green L_E_D_ the infrared . on the side of the model . Then we have included one to nine buttons for controlling the programmes the different channels . We have also included two buttons for increasing or decreasing the volume . What kind of button ?     Uh menu th menu , uh one one . 
 Yes , menu     we have included a button which is fluorescent green colour and this is the menu button which will control the colour , sharpness , brightness     
 We have also included a button which is called as the swapping button . Now this is uh a special , special feature which we have included . It will take the user to the previous and the next channel so this is   No , swapping is if if example you're you're watching the second channel and then you go to the tenth channel and if you want to go back to the second channel you can swap , this button .     So this is our proposed model .   Tell , yeah . 
 give her suggestion whether it'll be sellable or it'll be cost effective .   what what I really like a lot about it is that you can reach the whole thing with one thumb , that you can really hold it in one h you don't need two hands     The buttons are all raised and if you hold it in the centre of your hand you can even reach it over here       Um and um I like the idea that the on-off button is in a really prominent place .   
             Um the um these buttons uh around here are the mute No , these the front buttons which are here , are the mute buttons .       So you can push either one ? So if you're left-handed or right-handed it doesn't matter .   This brings the menu up on the screen and the orange ones are  Pardon me ?   A the the these these two are th to increase or decrease the volumes , and these two are to uh scroll the programme channels .       Well , I have one question uh will there be anything written on the buttons , like that people know , or they have to learn that from a piece of paper which button does what ? Yes , it will have uh these buttons will have the numbers and all the rest of the buttons will have symbols .   Will have symbols so that that that the user really knows you know and doesn't have to first learn it         
 Yes . it has to have some kind of of symbols , text or something Text that we can have on the case itself , we can it will be printed on the case and symbols as well as the buttons .     and one more feature is we we have a holder for this remote which is an oyster shape .     
 we could have some sort of little comic effect on our marketing about how this is a rapid snail or something like that you know that would , that would really work . Yes , snail shell . Yes       I think voice recognition is our big selling point 'cause nobody else seems to have that in in this price range . And then , and then the other thing would basically be sh shape or practicality of use . Yep uh well I think that everybody's gonna say their remote control is practical . I think we have to , we have to dwell on on on the appearance .       
 cutest remote control on the block . I think those are the two things to push . The look They're gonna be our two selling points .       Now we're gonna talk about financing . Ah , but in my instructions I think it said I was supposed to go to the board and do something . Well , there is a production evaluation .     Fi see ?     
 Okay , we had looks and voice recognition . So we I guess we use one . Well , that's nice . She told me I could just ch change it here and then it would It doesn't work . okay , let's see . Okay , one , okay . Oh go away . so that's in the energy source that's all we need . Is that's what we're using ? Yes . Come on . Uh regular chip on print . Well . Single curve ?     One of those ? Case materi s supplements .       Rubber , because we're gonna have the soft buttons .           Oh okay , the mm-hmm , mm' kay .   And then we have to interface push buttons .     Integrated scroll wheel , L_C_ display ? No , 'cause we didn't put the clock in it after all , right ? Button . Uh , button supplement special colour ?     Special form ? Yes d we do have special form . 
 And special material , rubber , wood , yes . One two seven eight nine Maybe it is it just n Mm ? Eight , eight point two . Nine points , okay , yes . Eight point two , right ?     I guess I should save this I suppose , huh ?           
               , so that's the good news . We gonna be popular .   Now we would like to have a presentation by the marketing expert on production evaluation . Okay , I'll take my file down so you can bring it up . ' Kay should be able to get it now . 'Kay , why don't you move just to the next slide right away .   
 Okay , well uh obviously my method for uh s m the marketing of this thing is first to ask the big question , will it sell ? And show the the prototype to consumer research groups , we don't s want somebody to suddenly come to us and tell us that this button is toxic and you know some child will swallow it and then we won't sell any . And then after that we just have to go with our best intuition Um , next slide please . so we we've got that . The size is small , the colour's bright and warm which is what we wanted . We wanted the feel to be as soft as possible , we'll have the soft buttons and the way this is shaped , even though it's gonna be hard plastic , it feels good in your hand so that's nice . And functionality I put last on my list because people aren't going to use it before they buy it . So um th those have been fulfilled by your prototype and go ahead to the next slide please . Okay , so um the shape um I think is a a one . The size is small um and th these points are in the importance for the , for the marketing , these aren't i in how I feel . but I think we're sort of right The colours are bright and warm and we really do great job there . obviously we could have ad added different functions but then we'd disturb something else so I would say that we got to a five out of seven on on functionality . In the financing there was no room for our voice recogniser .     Well , um we had what , eight eight euros twenty as our cost ? Eight , eight twenty , yes .   And so we've got we've still got four euros to go to spend .   I mean maximum we have another four point   I mean four thirty .       
 I mean and know whether the four thirty will really cover that . As we've seen with so many of these kinds of products . Yes , yes . I just remembered that there was no that that was not um included uh that there was no room for any special features , okay ? So to beware of that . You wanna go to this next slide , marketing expert ?     Go ahead .       And I'm supposed to present this scale on the whiteboard . Um and we're supposed to talk about those things as a team now , so if you put my last slide back up there .   I'm sorry I've um forgot to do that , um . Wh why you need that up ? 
 Well because I can't remember what I put on there . Now I'm supposed to see how long my leash is here .   Mm 'kay .       I gave it a one . 
 Wait what would you ra uh one being good and seven being the worst . Um what do you think the shape is ?   Worse , okay . Yes I think uh shape is one . 
 Yeah , even my yeah , shape is one .       You you gave it a four . I gave it a four , yeah , I feel it's just average .   I think I would give it at least a two .   Yeah , even I think it is one .     of course you wanna give it a one .     Colour , I gave it a one .         
 One .   One . Yeah , one . One , one , one , okay .   Taking into um consideration texture and comfort in the hand . Uh , I think I would give it a two . I'll give three . Uh maybe two , yeah . Two , okay .     I'll give it a three . Two . Two , okay . Uh three , mm-hmm . Three ?     Um the functionality's the only place where maybe we have to think about m m maybe , heaven forbid , having another meeting .   Anybody else have any other comments or any other things that we feel we should evaluate ? Here is what we looking at uh satisfaction on for example room for creativity .   We can always improve , yes . 
 We can make the buttons few buttons smaller . Uh I think they are quite big , If we want to have more features than that . Well then again if we're gonna um do the speech recognition thing we're gon there gonna be some buttons that are gonna have to be added for that for the recording of the the speech . So that that's where we're gonna have to do maybe we can eliminate one of the mute buttons , instead of having two mute buttons .         Yeah , definitely , yeah , two mu mute buttons .     Maybe we can put that all on one button .   Y um al always bearing in mind that right now we are of course well within the budget and that we still you know we probably can't ,     
     the question really is how do we feel with the project process ? Uh , um are we happy with the creativity that has passed here or we're not happy with the new product we created or that was created ? Uh I think personally I think uh I'm pretty happy .       and then the next question is are we happy with the leadership of this project ? I think you've done a good job , Miss leader .               We used whiteboard , we didn't use digital p well digital pens I guess are these things .   yeah , we didn't use that enough .         sometimes it's positioned so that it's much better visible for everybody and I think from that point of view we sort of ignored it a little bit . And we used the slide because it was better positioned . 
 Um did we new did we find new ideas ? Mm I think that's true mm-hmm . Yeah , many . and uh so I think we did very well here . Are the costs within budget ? Yes .       Today we have apple juice and after we sell m million of 'em we have champagne . Cel celebration yes , yes .   
 Um , I think this was very good and um I think we did come up with a new product that's uh feasible . So , thank you .