I'm Bart , My name's Frank . I don't know if you've noticed , but uh we're working for Real Reaction . We put fashion in electronics , uh we put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself . Um have you all seen the corporate website already ? Have you seen any flaws in it ? I think I found one . But um on the corporate information side there's a th uh there was Real Remote instead of Real Reaction . Uh our project aim is as you can see a new remote control . It has to be original , trendy , and user friendly . The Industrial Designer is going to work on the working design , uh components design and a bit of the look and feel design . Uh the User Interface Designer is going to do the technical function design , user interface concept and user interface design . And the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirement specification , trend watching and project uh product ev evaluation . I was trying to draw a dolphin , Um I'm just gonna draw its uh head , I was gonna draw a cat too , it's pretty skinny cat . Um as you can see , we um for our remote control , a selling price is uh twenty five Euros . Our selling price . Uh our profit aim is fifty million Euros . Uh we can do it international , Our production cost um can be maximal twelve and a half Euros , does everybody has um experiences with uh remote controls , and I mean not the ordinary mote controls , but also a little bit different ones ? Like you can use for other ? No , me neither . kind of broad T_V_ at home , and a D_V_D_ player , so we got like a lot of remote controls , one for the T_V_ , one for the video recorder , one for the D_V_D_ player . And I think it's it would be best to just make one remote control that can operate them all . I've I've got one at home . And you can uh program I think eight different devices in it , I think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control , it makes it a lot easier as well . we've we want different functions uh and we can maybe see if we can do something with the infra-red . And it also operates on infra-red , and then you can operate it from the third or th or second floor . so you have to got the little device inside your room , Think it has to be shock proof Sure , yeah . my remote control tends to fall a lot . Waterproof , Thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it . how much is left in the battery . But they'll also really drag up the production costs , But maybe just a little LED ,